Update glossary connectors entry (#3631)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.04/resources/glossary.md

## Monitoring Connector

> Connectors are the programming brick that lets Centreon communicate with the monitored equipment.

Author: ```suggestion
Connectors are the piece of software that lets Centreon communicate with the monitored resource.
```

> Connectors are the programming brick that lets Centreon communicate with the supervised equipment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors are the piece of software that lets Centreon communicate with the monitored resource.
```

> Centreon offers a great variety of connectors ready to be used to control any type of equipment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Centreon offers a great variety of connectors ready to be used to check any type of resource.
```

> The connector is made of a [pack](#pack) (commands, preconfigured [templates](#template)) and a [plugin](#plugin) (the probe that executes the checks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A connector consists of a [pack](#pack) (commands, preconfigured [templates](#template)) and a [plugin](#plugin) (the probe that executes the checks).
```

> Some connectors may also have an automatic discovery feature allowing them to independently find ressources of a certain type to monitor them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some connectors also have an automatic discovery feature allowing them to find ressources of a certain type to monitor them.
```

Advanced configuration for Centreon [Broker](#broker) that activates the retention mechanism in [Broker inverted flow mode](#broker-inverted-flow-mode). This mode is commonly used for monitoring servers ([pollers](#poller) or [remote servers](#remote-server)) located in demilitarized zones (DMZ).

## Pack

> The pack holds the information related to the services that will be controlled, their alert thresholds and the command lines required to perform the checks. The pack allows a default configuration for the services but remains highly customizable.

Author: ```suggestion
A pack contains the information related to the services that will be checked, their alert thresholds and the command lines required to perform the checks. The pack brings a default configuration but remains highly customizable.
```
